Fix broken links to 0x05|6c-Reverse-Engineering-and-Tampering.md (#2616)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x06j-Testing-Resiliency-Against-Reverse-Engineering.md

#### Using ptrace

> As seen in chapter ["Debugging"](../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0084.md), the iOS XNU kernel implements a `ptrace` system call that's lacking most of the functionality required to properly debug a process (e.g. it allows attaching/stepping but not read/write of memory and registers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As seen in ["Debugging"](../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0084.md "Debugging"), the iOS XNU kernel implements a `ptrace` system call that's lacking most of the functionality required to properly debug a process (e.g. it allows attaching/stepping but not read/write of memory and registers).
```

#### Application Source Code Integrity Checks

> In the ["Debugging"](../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0084.md) chapter, we discussed the iOS IPA application signature check. We also saw that determined reverse engineers can bypass this check by re-packaging and re-signing an app using a developer or enterprise certificate. One way to make this harder is to add a custom check that determines whether the signatures still match at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ["Debugging"](../techniques/ios/MASTG-TECH-0084.md), we discuss the iOS IPA application signature check. We also learn that determined reverse engineers can bypass this check by re-packaging and re-signing an app using a developer or enterprise certificate. One way to make this harder is to add a custom check that determines whether the signatures still match at runtime.
```
